Add documentation for client router filter (#60585)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/03-linking-and-navigating.mdx

### 6. Back and Forward Navigation

By default, Next.js will maintain the scroll position for backwards and forwards navigation, and re-use route segments in the [Router Cache](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/fetching-caching-and-revalidating#caching-data).

### 7. Routing between `pages/` and `app/`

> When incrementally migrating from `pages/` to `app/`, Next.js' router will automatically handle hard navigating between the two. To detect when going from `pages/` to `app/` there is a client router filter which uses probabilistic checking of `app` routes which can have occasional false positives. By default this should be very rare as we configure the false positive likelihood to be 0.01%. This can be customized via the `experimental.clientRouterFilterAllowedRate` `next.config.js` option. A caveat to be aware of when customizing this false positive rate is the lower the value the larger the size of the generated filter in the client bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When incrementally migrating from `pages/` to `app/`, the Next.js router will automatically handle hard navigation between the two. To detect transitions from `pages/` to `app/`, there is a client router filter that employs probabilistic checking of app routes, which can occasionally result in false positives. By default, such occurrences should be very rare, as we configure the false positive likelihood to be 0.01%. This likelihood can be customized via the `experimental.clientRouterFilterAllowedRate` option in `next.config.js`. It's important to note that lowering the false positive rate will increase the size of the generated filter in the client bundle.
```

> Alternatively if you would like to disable this handling completely and manage the routing between `pages/` and `app/` manually you can set `experimental.clientRouterFilter` to `false` in `next.config.js`. When this is disabled any dynamic routes in pages that overlap with `app` routes won't be navigated to properly by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you prefer to disable this handling completely and manage the routing between `pages/` and `app/` manually, you can set `experimental.clientRouterFilter` to false in `next.config.js`. When this feature is disabled, any dynamic routes in pages that overlap with app routes won't be navigated to properly by default.
```
